Azure OpenAI: address client header behavior for authorization, retries, and request IDs (incl. non-Public cloud support) (#44983)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/openai/Azure.AI.OpenAI/README.md

AzureOpenAIClient azureClient = new(
    new Uri("https://your-azure-openai-resource.com"),
    new DefaultAzureCredential());
ChatClient chatClient = azureClient.GetChatClient("my-gpt-4o-mini-deployment");
```

**Using tokens with Azure Government or other clouds**

> If your Entra credentials are issued by another entity that Azure Public Cloud, you can set the `Audience` property on `OpenAIClientOptions` to modify the token authorization scope used for requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Microsoft Entra credentials are issued by an entity other than Azure Public Cloud, you can set the `Audience` property on `OpenAIClientOptions` to modify the token authorization scope used for requests.
```
